OKTA-413125 Overall style edit for OIE embedded auth content - part 1 (#2571)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-basic-sign-in/main/aspnet/summaryofsteps.md

> This use case entails building out a simple UI to capture the username and password and authenticating the credentials with Okta using the SDK. The following sequence diagram illustrates the basic sign-in flow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This use case entails building out a simple UI to capture the username and password, and authenticating the credentials with Okta by using the SDK. The following sequence diagram shows the basic sign-in flow:
```
